feat: improve respect digest auth error handling (#2288)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/gold-houses-leave.md

---
"@redocly/respect-core": patch
"@redocly/cli": patch
---

> Improve error reporting and handling for Digest authentication failures in Respect, providing clearer feedback when required headers or status codes are missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improved error reporting and handling for Digest authentication failures in Respect. Now users receive clearer feedback when required headers or status codes are missing.
```
